Device set to use cuda:0
Your max_length is set to 128, but your input_length is only 122. Since this is a summarization task, where outputs shorter than the input are typically wanted, you might consider decreasing max_length manually, e.g. summarizer('...', max_length=61)

Sample 1:
Original Dialogue: Hannah: Hey, do you have Betty's number?
Amanda: Lemme check
Hannah: <file_gif>
Amanda: Sorry, can't find it.
Amanda: Ask Larry
Amanda: He called her last time we were at the park together
Hannah: I don't know him well
Hannah: <file_gif>
Amanda: Don't be shy, he's very nice
Hannah: If you say so..
Hannah: I'd rather you texted him
Amanda: Just text him 🙂
Hannah: Urgh.. Alright
Hannah: Bye
Amanda: Bye bye
Model Summary    : Amanda can't find Betty's number. Larry called her last time they were at the park together.
Reference Summary: Hannah needs Betty's number but Amanda doesn't have it. She needs to contact Larry.

Sample 2:
Original Dialogue: Eric: MACHINE!
Rob: That's so gr8!
Eric: I know! And shows how Americans see Russian ;)
Rob: And it's really funny!
Eric: I know! I especially like the train part!
Rob: Hahaha! No one talks to the machine like that!
Eric: Is this his only stand-up?
Rob: Idk. I'll check.
Eric: Sure.
Rob: Turns out no! There are some of his stand-ups on youtube.
Eric: Gr8! I'll watch them now!
Rob: Me too!
Eric: MACHINE!
Rob: MACHINE!
Eric: TTYL?
Rob: Sure :)
Model Summary    : Eric, Rob and Rob will watch the Russian comedian's stand-up.
Reference Summary: Eric and Rob are going to watch a stand-up on youtube.

Sample 3:
Original Dialogue: Lenny: Babe, can you help me with something?
Bob: Sure, what's up?
Lenny: Which one should I pick?
Bob: Send me photos
Lenny:  <file_photo>
Lenny:  <file_photo>
Lenny:  <file_photo>
Bob: I like the first ones best
Lenny: But I already have purple trousers. Does it make sense to have two pairs?
Bob: I have four black pairs :D :D
Lenny: yeah, but shouldn't I pick a different color?
Bob: what matters is what you'll give you the most outfit options
Lenny: So I guess I'll buy the first or the third pair then
Bob: Pick the best quality then
Lenny: ur right, thx
Bob: no prob :)
Model Summary    : Lenny will buy the first or the third pair of purple trousers from Bob.
Reference Summary: Lenny can't decide which trousers to buy. Bob advised Lenny on that topic. Lenny goes with Bob's advice to pick the trousers that are of best quality.

Sample 4:
Original Dialogue: Will: hey babe, what do you want for dinner tonight?
Emma:  gah, don't even worry about it tonight
Will: what do you mean? everything ok?
Emma: not really, but it's ok, don't worry about cooking though, I'm not hungry
Will: Well what time will you be home?
Emma: soon, hopefully
Will: you sure? Maybe you want me to pick you up?
Emma: no no it's alright. I'll be home soon, i'll tell you when I get home. 
Will: Alright, love you. 
Emma: love you too. 
Model Summary    : Emma will be home soon. She will tell Will when she gets home.
Reference Summary: Emma will be home soon and she will let Will know.

Sample 5:
Original Dialogue: Ollie: Hi , are you in Warsaw
Jane: yes, just back! Btw are you free for diner the 19th?
Ollie: nope!
Jane: and the  18th?
Ollie: nope, we have this party and you must be there, remember?
Jane: oh right! i lost my calendar..  thanks for reminding me
Ollie: we have lunch this week?
Jane: with pleasure!
Ollie: friday?
Jane: ok
Jane: what do you mean " we don't have any more whisky!" lol..
Ollie: what!!!
Jane: you just call me and the all thing i heard was that sentence about whisky... what's wrong with you?
Ollie: oh oh... very strange! i have to be carefull may be there is some spy in my mobile! lol
Jane: dont' worry, we'll check on friday.
Ollie: don't forget to bring some sun with you
Jane: I can't wait to be in Morocco..
Ollie: enjoy and see you friday
Jane: sorry Ollie, i'm very busy, i won't have time for lunch  tomorrow, but may be at 6pm after my courses?this trip to Morocco was so nice, but time consuming!
Ollie: ok for tea!
Jane: I'm on my way..
Ollie: tea is ready, did you bring the pastries?
Jane: I already ate them all... see you in a minute
Ollie: ok
Model Summary    : Jane is in Warsaw. She lost her calendar. She's on her way to Morocco.
Reference Summary: Jane is in Warsaw. Ollie and Jane has a party. Jane lost her calendar. They will get a lunch this week on Friday. Ollie accidentally called Jane and talked about whisky. Jane cancels lunch. They'll meet for a tea at 6 pm.

Sample 6:
Original Dialogue: Benjamin: Hey guys, what are we doing with the keys today?
Hilary: I've got them. Whoever wants them can meet me at lunchtime or after
Elliot: I'm ok. We're meeting for the drinks in the evening anyway and I guess we'll be going back to the apartment together?
Hilary: Yeah, I guess so
Daniel: I'm with Hilary atm and won't let go of her for the rest of the day, so any option you guys choose is good for me
Benjamin: Hmm I might actually pass by at lunchtime, take the keys and go take a nap. I'm sooo tired after yesterday
Hilary: Sounds good. We'll be having lunch with some French people (the ones who work on the history of food in colonial Mexico - I already see you yawning your head off)
Benjamin: YAAAAWN 🙊 Where and where are you meeting?
Hilary: So I'm meeting them at the entrance to the conference hall at 2 pm and then we'll head to this place called La Cantina. Italian cuisine, which is quite funny, but that's what they've chosen
Benjamin: Interesting 😱 To be honest, Hilary, I almost feel like changing my mind. Wanting to take this nap might end up costing me to dear
Hilary: Oh come on 😂
Benjamin: All these terrible obstacles on mu way to bed might just prove to much to take
Hilary: We'll try to avoid talking about their subject of research. Oh wait, no, I'm actually meeting them because I wanted to chat about their research lol
Elliot: 🙉
Hilary: Do join us, we're going to have fun. And then you'll take the keys and take this most deserved of naps
Elliot: Sounds like a plan 😂
Hilary: 😎
Elliot: See you at 2 then xx
Model Summary    : Benjamin, Elliot, Hilary and Daniel are meeting at La Cantina at 2 pm. They're going to have lunch with French people who work on the history of food in colonial Mexico. Hilary is meeting them at the entrance to the conference hall at 2 pm and then they'll head to La
Reference Summary: Hilary has the keys to the apartment. Benjamin wants to get them and go take a nap. Hilary is having lunch with some French people at La Cantina. Hilary is meeting them at the entrance to the conference hall at 2 pm. Benjamin and Elliot might join them. They're meeting for the drinks in the evening.
Your max_length is set to 128, but your input_length is only 113. Since this is a summarization task, where outputs shorter than the input are typically wanted, you might consider decreasing max_length manually, e.g. summarizer('...', max_length=56)

Sample 7:
Original Dialogue: Max: Know any good sites to buy clothes from?
Payton: Sure :) <file_other> <file_other> <file_other> <file_other> <file_other> <file_other> <file_other>
Max: That's a lot of them!
Payton: Yeah, but they have different things so I usually buy things from 2 or 3 of them.
Max: I'll check them out. Thanks. 
Payton: No problem :)
Max: How about u?
Payton: What about me?
Max: Do u like shopping?
Payton: Yes and no.
Max: How come?
Payton: I like browsing, trying on, looking in the mirror and seeing how I look, but not always buying.
Max: Y not?
Payton: Isn't it obvious? ;)
Max: Sry ;)
Payton: If I bought everything I liked, I'd have nothing left to live on ;)
Max: Same here, but probably different category ;)
Payton: Lol
Max: So what do u usually buy?
Payton: Well, I have 2 things I must struggle to resist!
Max: Which are?
Payton: Clothes, ofc ;)
Max: Right. And the second one?
Payton: Books. I absolutely love reading!
Max: Gr8! What books do u read?
Payton: Everything I can get my hands on :)
Max: Srsly?
Payton: Yup :)
Model Summary    : Max will check out some good sites to buy clothes from. Payton will buy clothes and books.
Reference Summary: Payton provides Max with websites selling clothes. Payton likes browsing and trying on the clothes but not necessarily buying them. Payton usually buys clothes and books as he loves reading.

Sample 8:
Original Dialogue: Rita: I'm so bloody tired. Falling asleep at work. :-(
Tina: I know what you mean.
Tina: I keep on nodding off at my keyboard hoping that the boss doesn't notice..
Rita: The time just keeps on dragging on and on and on.... 
Rita: I keep on looking at the clock and there's still 4 hours of this drudgery to go.
Tina: Times like these I really hate my work.
Rita: I'm really not cut out for this level of boredom.
Tina: Neither am I.
Model Summary    : Rita is tired and falling asleep at work. Tina hates her work.
Reference Summary: Rita and Tina are bored at work and have still 4 hours left.
Your max_length is set to 128, but your input_length is only 111. Since this is a summarization task, where outputs shorter than the input are typically wanted, you might consider decreasing max_length manually, e.g. summarizer('...', max_length=55)

Sample 9:
Original Dialogue: Beatrice: I am in town, shopping. They have nice scarfs in the shop next to the church. Do you want one?
Leo: No, thanks
Beatrice: But you don't have a scarf.
Leo: Because I don't need it.
Beatrice: Last winter you had a cold all the time. A scarf could help.
Leo: I don't like them.
Beatrice: Actually, I don't care. You will get a scarf.
Leo: How understanding of you!
Beatrice: You were complaining the whole winter that you're going to die. I've had enough.
Leo: Eh.
Model Summary    : Leo doesn't need a scarf because he had a cold all the time last winter. Beatrice will buy him one.
Reference Summary: Beatrice wants to buy Leo a scarf, but he doesn't like scarves. She cares about his health and will buy him a scarf no matter his opinion.